Warning for many positions in credentials file (#3901)
RasaHQ/rasa: CHANGELOG.rst

- the response of ``/model/train`` now includes a response header for the trained model filename
- ``Validator`` class to help developing by checking if the files have any errors
- project's code is now linted using flake8

> - warning message when credentials were provided for multiple channels and channel in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``info`` log when credentials were provided for multiple channels and channel in
```
